README.md, before:

Porty 🔌

Porty is a simple TCP port scanner written in Python using Sockets and CustomTkinter.

❗Disclaimer❗

This software is provided for educational and research purposes only.
Use it only on systems you own or have permission to test.
The author is not responsible for any misuse or damage caused by this application.

<img width="1025" height="858" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5648b691-58a8-4c1d-8fe0-7f0cd00b2066" />

---
✨ Features
- TCP based scanning
- Port sorting (open, closed, filtered/timeout, no response)
- Real-time scan logs
- Simple graphical interface
---

🚀 Installation

Windows:
- Go to Releases
- Download the latest `.zip`
- Extract it anywhere you like
- Run the application (`porty.exe`)

Note:

On Windows closed ports may appear as no response.


Linux:
- Go to releases
- Download latest `.AppImage`
- Make it executable and run:

  `chmod +x Porty-x86_64.AppImage`

  `./Porty-x86_64.AppImage`



📄 License

This project is licensed under the GPL-3.0 License.

Copyright © 2025 Ziggx5

👤 Author

Ziggx5 
Github: https://github.com/Ziggx5

Commit message:

Update README with new features and contact info
Added features for adjustable port scan range and scan rate, updated image in README, and included Discord contact information.

README.md, after:

Porty 🔌

Porty is a simple TCP port scanner written in Python using Sockets and CustomTkinter.

❗Disclaimer❗

This software is provided for educational and research purposes only.
Use it only on systems you own or have permission to test.
The author is not responsible for any misuse or damage caused by this application.

<img width="1055" height="858" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cd79ccd9-12a6-4125-af1b-40556477ecb1" />

---
✨ Features
- TCP based scanning
- Port sorting (open, closed, filtered/timeout, no response)
- Real-time scan logs
- Simple graphical interface
- Adjustable port scan range and scan rate
---

🚀 Installation

Windows:
- Go to Releases
- Download the latest `.zip`
- Extract it anywhere you like
- Run the application (`porty.exe`)

Note:

On Windows closed ports may appear as no response.


Linux:
- Go to releases
- Download latest `.AppImage`
- Make it executable and run:

  `chmod +x Porty-x86_64.AppImage`

  `./Porty-x86_64.AppImage`



📄 License

This project is licensed under the GPL-3.0 License.

Copyright © 2025 Ziggx5

👤 Author

Ziggx5 
Github: https://github.com/Ziggx5

Discord: ziggx

If you enjoy this project, consider giving the repository a ⭐
